

# Reproducible and open science practices in the DP-Next project

<!-- TODO: Add DOI when generated -->

[![GitHub
License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wp1-ros)](https://github.com/dp-next/wp1-ros/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub
Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/dp-next/wp1-ros)](https://github.com/dp-next/wp1-ros/releases/latest)
[![Build
website](https://github.com/dp-next/wp1-ros/actions/workflows/build-website.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dp-next/wp1-ros/actions/workflows/build-website.yml)
[![pre-commit.ci
status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/dp-next/wp1-ros/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/dp-next/wp1-ros/main)
<!--[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable state and is being actively developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)-->
[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable
state and is being actively
developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip)

> A guide on using reproducible and open scientific practices in the
> multi-center DP-Next project to do better research in less time and
> fewer resources.

This is work package 1 of the [DP-Next
project](https://dp-next.github.io/). The main part of this work package
1 involves incorporating reproducible and open science practices into
the workflow and output of the DP-Next project. A secondary part of this
work package is to develop a set of tools and practices that will help
the project achieve its goals in a more efficient manner through the use
of research operations, iterative project management, and a digital
infrastructure that supports the research. Hopefully that will translate
into more effective collaboration, communication, coordination, and
development of the project.

Check out the [website](https://dp-next.github.io/wp1-ros/) for this
work package for more information. For a list of changes made to the
content itself (not to files that support developing this guide), see
our [changelog](https://wp1-ros.github.io/wp1-ros/releases/) page.

We integrate and make heavy use of the work done in the [Seedcase
Project](https://seedcase-project.org).

## Contributing

Check out our [contributing
page](https://dp-next.github.io/wp1-ros/CONTRIBUTING/) for information
on how to contribute to the project, including how to set up your
development environment.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/dp-next/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the
[CC-BY-4.0](https://dp-next.github.io/wp1-ros/LICENSE/).
